hi people is tuesday i want to give you the
welcome to this new channel so that
day to day learn more about technology
the welcome I will give it to you by showing you
this great camera application one of
the best I've seen
let's learn how to use it and download it
let's go with the video this application of
camera as you can see here is the
camera that comes by default in the new
motorola x that has come today to the world of
the technology
This application has been highlighted by its
gestures that he uses to take pictures videos and
let's go then to her in the
description of the video will find the
link to download and install it and the
try and tell us how he has
seemed like we opened it
as you can see at that moment
I'm focusing on what is the box of the
mobile
Where is it smooth?
our finger
upwards
we do what the sun and if the
we slide down we do what it is
the recoil if we slide left
to the right we get what are the
settings as is the panoramic
you touch the flash as if to observe
this gesture is very good if
we slide from right to left we go
to what the gallery is and if we go back
we go back to the camera to take a picture
what you have to do is press it
and as you can see he has taken the photo
in this way is that
the application develop a good
gestures the best that I thought was the
of the zoom that just by sliding the finger
shows us the zoom by sliding towards
up and we return by sliding
down
Here also you also have what
is to switch to the front camera and what
what is to take video
if we want to take several pictures
What we can do is
leave your finger pressed on the screen
and shows us on the counter how many
photos go
after releasing it , it indicates that
taken 7 photos as we can observe
here
all seven photos
then I hope you liked it
this application remember that in the
description of the video is how
download the link and subscribe to
channel have a great like this video
comment how you think
application and see you in the next
welcome to smart I have